Okay, let's put
everyone in context for a moment, okay,
in case anyone doesn't know them,
Jesus, know, good evening. I've had
many battles with them in the last
two or three years. I, Jesus, Jesus, it's
over since I know them. Well, we started
more or less at the same time with our
channels. I send a kiss to my friend 12.
Okay, a kiss for the Zetas. It's
good. I've known him, you know,
for three years or so, we started at the same
time. We've gotten along well for periods,
but for the most part, I'd say 80
percent of the fighting. He doesn't forgive us on
camera because he's focused, and he's
focused on just watching the microphone.
Then, when you can hug a
little more, you can always
kneel. Jesus,
can you kneel?
No, you can't see me clearly. I don't know. I don't know.
It's just that we see each other. We see each other. We see the
microphone. Now, yes, we'll see each other. No more. A lathe.
Now, yes, like that, yes, but don't
stop.
Okay, well, at first, I got along very well
with them. We've even helped
each other. I've shared firsts and  I have
also received
more or less good subscribers. I think we
started to cross paths when the
salsa singer Dallas arrives and I will position myself
on one side and basically that was when
you continue maintaining the same position
with Dallas, he continues thinking the same thing about
somewhere that he was a good person and
then I got to know him more
but you, for example, zip, if you went
back, you
would, for example, make that
thumbnail that is so disgusting that I
feel terrible about the face of my I will do with my
[ __ ] in my mouth but I didn't do that,
even if he was the one who rides it, someone
else would do it but would you put it in
a thumbnail of your video again? Don't you
regret that?
If not, I would do it again. Then,
currently, Condal has ended badly, not
from what I understand, the last thing he
told me, well, he is talking to Kenya and
that is all possible to put you in
jail, that after the debate that
we had, so famous that what
was the channel of the expert point, a few days
later, if I am not mistaken, they buried your
YouTube channel, they never closed it, I never
put it, I do not hide that is why I  I knew
who's channel was hidden, I
mean it was another show, I mean you didn't have the channel
closed for three or four months,
he didn't come out after the debate
day
and then I put it back in public
for those two or three days when he had
three months it was before what happened in Kenya,
that's why later I explained more
precisely it was because of what happened everyone
that was when in those three months was
when I fought with you on twitter
quite a bit that we haven't done it in these
three months simply the videos weren't
in private
there it was in private but because I was
23 because I had two strikes
it's still my fault for those strikes
now no I thought that had already been
everything I had done I
'm really talking about twitter
because I thought it was the strangest thing
how is it I knew how we get along
yours
I think that well your theory now remains
in the that but let's see curiously the
videos were always thrown to me with the name
of Dallas that's why
I had subtle but with a name
like where it says the name the name
of the video is the iberá sheet
the video was always related
to me with Dallas
but well you know that the system doesn't
work like that or  be if I I to you I think I have
never reported a video I
think that never reports a video
except for the one of losing it is that I think
that I did not even report the one of the
thumbnail of my area because the people
themselves were the ones who reported today is that
when you put a report on a
video or you plan them
this report reaches the support and the
person who touches it according to their criteria
removes the video does not remove it since the
video any server has 2,000
visits any of the 2,000 people
has been able to undo the video I had the channel
with 45 thousand 10,000 visits daily but
nevertheless there were days when it went up 4 thousand
subscribers you can explain that but it is
more this is talking about another
late time when uploading all those things
that they also try to upload a top time I
mean before starting with Kenya I
was private that growth of
four thousand five thousand
daily subscribers because it was
documentaries
I have a message here from the white network
but this network tells me
and another person tells us that they got to
kick you off the network because you asked for the
cell phones throw me  I left Senagua
because it's on the web since I got in it
was when they started putting 3 loving
to put never they haven't kicked them out
and I'm not interested but then what
explanation do you give to a growth of
four thousand why option john me to
have a growth of four thousand
daily subscribers has been in plan with
videos that have gone for me for the par
million visits or something like that 2 2 or 3
specific times in my life on YouTube
but I mean what explanation do you give if you
're telling me that it's not you what
explanation do you give to the channel having a
total of four thousand or five thousand
daily visits paying attention to those visits they
may be that I thought few already life
in private if you for a private video
but several days one day that suppose
some 38 a lot that each x men I know I
put video in private the
visits are removed and the next month I put them back
in public and it says that having a million
visits in the last video that I have
made after it is not of that passion the
previous one and today it says this video
I show the captures and you can see how there is a
day that it eliminates  in a bunch of videos and
then in four days in a row that has
four thousand views
for example if you have a channel that
collects five videos of a million
views you put it in private and it's more that it
comes let it happen I find out and put it
in public that opens it states that you have
gotten five thousand views
then one had it to signatures that he had
will be deleted or in other words uploading everything
that you had 600 views in each video
earns more than 4 thousand subscribers daily
I would really like people
this tactic that tactic of gaining
subscribers there was not nor there was nor voice
or anything in that it was normal because
people really liked the doctor you
think that they can be bought I believe
in the percentage
and nothing happens
because
then another problem that we had that I
also threw in your face a lot that was
also about the growth issue it was
the video of the video and a video that you
uploaded of half a second with the
green screen the video was a half second
with the green screen and it said the
title you have to have subscribed to be
able to see this video call another
I do not force people to subscribe
people that's what they wanted because they want
although he was also a little [ __ ],
the one who is silent, let's go
there, the subject of why you
think of changing it, well apart from this,
great closure in the channel because if you
create and pretend to be her, I'll
explain it with all this that happened with
infotur, in addition to that, I was three
months without being able to make the video in the
entries, many things have happened and I don't
miss YouTube now because there are people
who are giving me a hard time because there is no
time for
a few weeks watching videos, the
following week again that you have to close
the channel for another three months
being something that was not
if the idea of ​​​​the name of the channel occurs to me,
the channel there is a part that says translate
channel, information has been translated
in that role status and for which the
channel belongs to the United States, for example,
Canada, from the original language, United Kingdom
because I want to translate it in each Spanish,
the channel is called
the translation of info tubert into Spanish
is great,
how would javi oliveira be translated in
Mexican, it would be David Bisbal, it
would be more like let's
go 1
for YouTube to touch the platform and
already being in the future but for the fans
and I'm not saying that I said
otherwise, it would just be that  you're
telling me is that you and I was hungry
basically what I had was that you had no
views and since your channel wasn't growing, well
you decided to pretend to be Kenya
to gain subscribers and I said I'm going to
do this that
works, it doesn't work and I didn't
take for granted that it was working, I don't know,
here
soon it'll be brilliant, from my point
of view, with respect, I tell you
okay, everyone has their opinion
but I have done it, I have said in many
videos and there have been things on
youtube but I have done it, it seems to me the
most regrettable,
to me this seems very shameful
because the title if at least a
child does it as it happened with the child and now
yes and a child does it who maybe
watches the video, I'm going to create an
account called the chicken child which is
called Google IBM I do it by paying
their readers but for you to do it when
everyone knows you already and
everyone knows you were not
ashamed against more or maybe it will be more
difficult for them to report you a video
that after a month
I thought that it was going to reach let's say
125 thousand 250 thousand  I didn't want a
new audience either, why
for him,
up to what we're going now, your
excuse for your excuse for having done that that
ended with crimes, they know, he doesn't
recognize that it's a crime, pretending to be pretending to be
her, not her,
because of the brand name, but you've pretended to be
her, he's taken
Instagram stories and manipulated them to make it
seem like she's saying that since October,
they know it's a crime, that you don't care, you
tell me what I've done, what
motivates you to do this
impersonating Kenya is the fact of gaining
more subscribers so that your channel
has a little more strength and is
less susceptible to strangers, I think that
as it was going at first,
I think that you would be getting
at least a million subscribers from me today
because it was going well, I think that the
company pays when you already started to
connect it, to get under the armpit,
right? And everything that was said, the mass
because it wasn't me who started, as long as
one thing trusts, there's a lot since
Pedro's day, but there was
everything to believe this in the future, it's 2015
to 2017 that  they ate them save them to
break but then the one who had the
idea was the one what happens if I now
as if it were more than one thing and the subject
for example when you were already
making all the videos
when the thumbnail of my air
and then a video that you made
making fun of the unr ebook
imitating her as she cried and take there you
were not with pedro you were already alone
but as you can see she was crying as there was a
thumbnail of a video that he retweeted you from
which you came out violating the thumbnail
saying victory against the review
I stop making fun of you about
abused women in order for everyone the grace of
the parody let's get to the point that what
motivated you to impersonate
kenia was the fact of
creating a new subscriber base and
starting from scratch not at a given moment what she
wanted to do was change her name
making your baby and that nobody will remember
that she knew if a genius no that
suddenly the people who had subscribed will
find themselves with hey the strategies
for it to have an effect what she wanted
was precisely that  big criticism channels
doing something so strong and
normal that it is talked about no but I was
the one who stabilized you from multiple
accounts so that on top of it leaves a trail
[Music]
why why do we position the channel and
everything was a video with 500 channels say
this you in order to position your channel
in order to get the channel ahead
let's say not to get the channel out of the hole
in order for that you were capable of not
only committing a crime but also
warning people so that people find out that it is
being a crime well
take it as the money heist
but whatever we go I recommend
proximity or if I do it is a crime I
try that nobody finds out no there are
many loopholes in that crime if it
were a crime to prove already report it has
not even been reported for it is a crime you
know no
[Music]
because those who reported us to the videos
because the complaint remains the complaint
because the girl from Mexico
could report if she wants to lose that it does not seem to
her either much the penalty is not
worth it well right
now there was right now we
had sent death threats
someone Mexican Peruvian and  I have not
announced however the same topic in
Spanish reported what
legal representative means
for this girl that will happen to her 800
times you yourselves said that
when you did it there were five
or six more channels impersonating her this does not
mean that it is not a crime because
she has reported us why not
that she has not reported you does not
mean that it is not a crime or that she
could not know how to close the channel if she
had wanted to she would have reported
everything the entire channel is in profits
I was playing myself and you know he
tries to contact her on some
occasions he sends her messages and I even
have messages from the little fox telling me
that he does not want anything anymore
message that he did not want to know anything about
you but it is because you
were making him an offer not
an offer no
apart from the door
and I told him it
could be something he
gives me a lot of messages but I am going to
read it to you good Kenya from the first
we have sent you many messages and you
have not answered any of us I do not know why you
think that we are going to use it
against you or for some other reason but if it is
noticeable that you do not know us there was
this you have already looked simply  the fact
is that you contact a
person who has made you pretend to be
her and takes a lot of money from you,
this seems like nerve to me, I
have,
she could have reported videos
but there I have pretended that she
has not reported you, go contact
her and tell her, I don't know if it's that they think
badly of us but she is, that's
because she doesn't know us, I seem to have the
nerve like cement on top of her,
tout, she is asking that girl to
give you the trust to be your friend
or what for, that she does
n't know them, not as if saying that
we are trustworthy, damn it, no, that
we how much we have an audio of
you and we do not manipulate to make it seem like you
are saying the opposite,
at no time did she say
a thing, I don't think that she, I have
spoken to them at all, as if
saying I am a and with me,
she tells us, do not say that you act like a diva because
she has spoken to me or Rita, maybe she
has spoken to me because I did not
impersonate her and you, yes, I am going to
continue reading messages with your permission,
but if it is like that, it is noticeable that I do not know,
just as we have made
mistakes on your part  you haven't done
well either
saturn is telling kenya that she's not
doing well and you to vico and I
with the is a channel to impersonate and I
dedicated all our balls to her that she hasn't
done well either you know where she hasn't
done well the cast in having
reported you because I am they reported
the balance also the discounts do not
live in lapland
the hate that they have sent us that is
all youtube talking bad about us
insulting us even people
threatening us with death, in other words this is
blaming kenya she is blaming kenya
that the axis is because of her is that
this to put a flower in your
ass that
this message is sent by you to kenya
two points last message that we
sent you tintos you see this you pass it
to them are rites for that they are rich he
sends them to kenya and they are rites they kill him
right blaming kenya but first
think about the message asking him to
trust you and then he is blaming
the king
what would he say and what would he say to your
followers to  the followers that you
still have to divide it so that it
goes to the followers who don't know that they
still don't know this
for my part I ask you for forgiveness it's not
right
I'm going to continue with the control of the
content that we continue to have whoever
wants to leave it's true that we don't have
a contract of the
curses of permanence as if
this were vomited reason but what
I tell you sorry who wants free
without staying can return the money
that's not a chance
mainly that I don't have has Europe
to do one thing and if he wins it gives enough
to be able to return it
by then you have regretted it from the
heart I wouldn't demand more garden than
giving them days to all recognized me what I would
say that well that if I gave
approximately because it would be done with
something else that could be another video
different than the thing that
and we're not going to sea trying we're going to
try well kids for nothing good
luck it's
not worth it that you bring a lot that neither
for here
[Music]
thank you very much for having been here